Implement user's experience hint for clearer understanding of the Price Display Settings (#1403)
magento/merchdocs: src/tax/display-settings.md

![]({% link images/images/config-sales-tax-price-display-settings.png %}){: .zoom}
[_Price Display Settings_]({% link configuration/sales/tax.md %})

## Configure price display settings

> When the calculation of taxes, rates, and classes is finished, taxes will be calculated according to the specified settings. However, the display of taxes in the catalog, shopping cart, orders, invoices, and credit memos should be set up, as part of the customer experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When configuration of calculation for taxes, rates, and classes is finished, taxes are calculated according to those settings. However, the display of taxes in the catalog, shopping cart, orders, invoices, and credit memos should also be configured to support the customer experience on the storefront.
```

> It is best practice to display prices including taxes, or both, including taxes and excluding taxes so that customers know how much they will change before placing an order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is a best practice to display prices with the associated taxes (either including taxes, or both the including taxes and excluding taxes) so that customers know how these calculations are applied before placing an order.
```

   - `Including Tax`
   - `Including and Excluding Tax`

> If you choose to display both prices (with and without tax), the Storefront will look following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you choose to display both prices (with and without tax), the storefront will look similar to the following:
```

   ![]({% link images/images/catalog-prices-tax.png %}){: .zoom}

>    _PDP Page Display Settings_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   _Example of price display including taxes on the storefront_
```
